fix: camel case for dns result (#266)
telekom/sparrow: README.md

  - Labelled with `target`

> ### Check: DNS
> > [!CAUTION]
> > Versions > v0.5.0, the api returns lowercase keys instead of uppercase.

Reviewer: Here are some problems: 
1. `v0.6.0` instead of the already released `v0.5.0`.
2. I'd mention the words _breaking change_ to better highlight that the user needs to do something if he uses the API.
3. The old keys were not uppercase but rather capitalized.

For example you could write something like this:
```suggestion
### Check: DNS
> [!CAUTION]
> **Breaking Change:** Starting from version `v0.6.0`, the API returns lowercase keys instead of capitalized keys. Ensure that your code handles this change to avoid issues.
```

## API

> > [!CAUTION]
> > Versions > v0.5.0, the api returns lowercase keys instead of uppercase for DNS metric.
> 

Reviewer: Here again the same problems as above.

```suggestion
> [!CAUTION]
> **Breaking Change:** Starting from version `v0.6.0`, the API for the DNS check returns lowercase keys instead of capitalized keys. Ensure that your code handles this change to avoid issues.
```
